Changelog for APIM - 3.18.1 (#8076)
gravitee-io/issues: CHANGELOG-v3.adoc

*Important:* If you plan to skip versions when you upgrade, ensure that you read the version-specific upgrade notes for each intermediate version. You may be required to perform manual actions as part of the upgrade.

== https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/milestone/564?closed=1[APIM - 3.18.1 (2022-07-08)]

=== Bug fixes

*_Gateway_*

> - Reporter filelog file are not created https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/issues/8065[#8065]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- file reporter log files are not created https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/issues/8065[#8065]
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- File reporter - files are not created https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/issues/8065[#8065]
```

*_General_*

> - - Update build version number of Console and Portal https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/issues/8072[#8072]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update build version number of Console and Portal https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/issues/8072[#8072]
```

*_Portal_*

> - OpenAPI specification of the Portal API is no longer available https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/issues/8074[#8074]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- OpenAPI specification of the Portal API not available https://github.com/gravitee-io/issues/issues/8074[#8074]
```
